We’re making brief visits on our neighbors
to discuss how the Bible can help us today.
How do you view the Bible?
Some would say it’s a book of human wisdom,
others say myths and legends.
Still others view it as God’s Word.
What are your thoughts?
Hmm. That’s a good question.
I think of the Bible as a good book,
but I can’t say
that I really know what’s in it.
Many have said the same.
I’d like to show you a verse that gives
four ways that the Bible can help us.
Susan, would you please read Romans 15:4?
Sure.
It says: “For all the things
that were written beforehand
“were written for our instruction,
“so that through our endurance
“and through the comfort
from the Scriptures
we might have hope.”
Thank you.
So did you notice the four specific ways
that the Bible can help us?
It gives instruction, endurance,
comfort, and hope.
Which of these do you feel
that we need the most right now?
Hmm.
I would say “hope”
because this world is in a real mess.
I agree.
Hope is needed more than ever.
The Bible can give us real hope.
May I return in a few days
and show you an example of this?
Sure.